Entry 1 | Prologue
I started a buildup training at an institution called durchstart.
Durchstart is an institution that is committed to work integration for young people with mental disabilities and in difficult life situations.
To keep myself busy I had to decide on a project that I wanted to do.
Considering the future and what kind of project I would ultimately profit off of the most, I decided to program a website with my own portfolio on it with HTML and CSS.
Having experience programming would be a huge benefit in my journey to find an apprenticeship as an IT application-developer.

Entry 2 | The Beginning (Week 1)
Having pretty much no prior experience in web-development, I began my endeavours in developing a website relatively simple and watched an HTML course on YouTube.
After watching that I knew of some basic HTML tags that I could use to put text on my website.
I played around with some tags that were presented in the video to get a feel for what they do and how they could be used.
Obviously my website wasn't just going to be some black on white text, so I needed to eventually start using CSS to give my website some life.
But that was going to be a problem for another day.


Entry 3 | Bootstrap
After messaging my brother to get some help with my website he suggested that I should take a look at Bootstrap.<br>
Bootstrap is the most popular CSS Framework for developing responsive and mobile-first websites.<br>
And a framework is a structure that you can build software on. It serves as a foundation, so you're not starting entirely from scratch.<br>
Also developing a "reponsive" website means using HTML and CSS to automatically resize a website and making it look good on all devices.<br>
Looking at some of the component-templates they offer it was the perfect base to go off of.<br>
First thing I started looking at and using was a "Navbar", short for "Navigation Bar". It's bar with clickable links to help users travel around the website.<br>
Learning more about Bootstrap and using their components and various other tools and classes would definitely be of massive help to get myself onto my feet quicker.<br>
